How to guide for increasing the open file limit on macOS, Linux, and … (#157)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: docs/how-to-guides/increasing-open-file-limit.md

- Create `override.yaml` file at below path

<Tabs groupId="os">
  <TabItem value="macOS">

```
~/Library/Application Support/rancher-desktop/lima/_config/override.yaml
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Linux">

```
~/.local/share/rancher-desktop/lima/_config/override.yaml
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

You can then use the script below to increase the `ulimit` for containers inside your created `override.yaml` file.

```
provision:
- mode: system
  script: |
    #!/bin/sh
    cat <<'EOF' > /etc/security/limits.d/rancher-desktop.conf
    * soft     nofile         82920
    * hard     nofile         82920
    EOF
```

If using the Elastic platform, please use the script below for updating the open file limit.

```
provision:
- mode: system
  script: |
    #!/bin/sh
    cat <<'EOF' > /etc/security/limits.d/rancher-desktop.conf
    * soft     nofile         82920
    * hard     nofile         82920
    sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
    EOF
```

Lastly, please stop and restart Rancher Desktop in order for the updated limits to take effect.

## Windows Steps

First, be sure that you have ran Rancher Desktop at least once in order for the configurations to initialize.

> Users will then have access to the `%AppData%\rancher-desktop\provisioning` directory. Next, please create a file in this directory that will hold the script to update the open file limit by increasing the `max_map_count` inside the vm, ex: `%AppData%\rancher-desktop\provisioning\map_count.start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then create a provisioning script, say `map_count.start`, at `%AppData%\rancher-desktop\provisioning` with the below code to update the open file limit by increasing the `max_map_count` parameter.
```

> Implement the script below in your created `*.start` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
